Add first example and documentation (#23)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm: examples/SAP-to-Database/Integrate SAP API to update database.md

> # Read SAP Inspection Master data and Update your mySQL database

Reviewer: MySQL is the correct case. Run all descriptions through chatgpt to improve

Author: Resolved here [Improve example documentation](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm/pull/23/commits/bf21323195d3826d88e16585d6051c519a9d8580)

> # Read SAP Master Inspection data and Update your MySQL database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Read S/4HANA Master Inspection data and sync a MySQL database
```

> This example demonstrates how to use Ballerina to interact with the `sap.s4hana.api_masterinspcharacteristic_srv:Client` for accessing S/4HANA Quality Management module data, and then updating a MySQL database based on this information.

Reviewer: Use the one suggested earlier

The example works as follows:

![example workflow](SAPtoDBexampleWorkflow.png)
 
## Prerequisites

### 1. Setup the S/4HANA API

Refer to the [Setup Guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/sap/latest#setup-guide) for obtaining necessary credentials (
hostname, username, password) to acess the S/4HANA API.

### 2. Setup a database server

Set up a MySQL database using your preferred client. Create the following table schema:

```sql
USE database_name;

CREATE TABLE Ins_Spec_Directory (
    InspectionSpecification VARCHAR(8),
    InspectionSpecificationVersion VARCHAR(6),
    InspectionSpecificationPlant VARCHAR(4),
    Plant VARCHAR(50),
    ValidityStartDate VARCHAR(15),
    InspectionSpecificationSrchTxt VARCHAR(60),
    InspSpecGlobalName VARCHAR(60),
    InspSpecChangeDate VARCHAR(15),
    PRIMARY KEY (InspectionSpecification, InspectionSpecificationVersion, InspectionSpecificationPlant)
);
```

> ### 2. Setup MySQL Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Setup MySQL Client
```
No need for this, why do we need a setup a separate client?
